you keep looking into the mirror and the
person you see you do not even recognize
you are wondering who is this person who
has forgotten how to Glow baby girl
don't worry I got you sit down and
listen today we are going to fix all
your problems your skin your bloating
your hair you're sleeping everything is
covered we're not just talking about
self-care we're actually talking about
self worship because if you are not
treating yourself like the goddess you
are nobody else will that's the truth hi
guys my name is michaa and today I'm
going to talk about how you can step
into your main character energy I wish I
could tell you it's someone else's
mistake but it's not the reason you are
feeling the way you are is because you
keep ignoring your inner voice you are
ignoring that voice that is telling you
to go to bed earlier wake up earlier
take care of your skin choose veggies
over pizza and cut those energy draining
people off that voice actually you know
who that is it's your Alter Ego it's
your higher self and your higher self
wants what it's begging you to show up
as the best version of your yourself and
because you have been ignoring her for
such a long time it's showing in dark
skin puffy face breakout and low energy
so let's rewrite the script because
honey you are about to become the main
character in your life first things
first I want to talk about skin care
skin care is respect you think Queens
wake up Flawless by accident no they
don't Cleopatra was taking her weekly
bath in milk and honey so the bare
minimum you can do to take care of the
biggest organ of your body which is the
skin is to tone moisture and cleanse
every single day that's the minimum
honey and even if you're tired even if
you don't feel like even if you think
you don't have time you will make that
time especially when you're tired you're
going to do it why because you're
telling the universe I'm worth it I'm
worth to do that skincare routine it's
not like oh I have to do the skincare
routine again six seven eight steps no
honey you have to appreciate it because
it's such a blessing to be able to do
that it's such a blessing to be a woman
and to be able to take care of your skin
of your hair of your face to put some
makeup on this is a blessing which guys
do not have so honor this blessing and
yes honey I got you I understand if you
have acne I understand if you have
breakouts constantly it's a struggle
it's exhausting and you probably feel
like no product is helping and it's
better to not use any product honey I am
suffering from severe breakouts and
cystic acne since years since forever
since I can remember I never had really
clean clear shiny glowing porcelain skin
until now and you want to know what I
did cleans tone moisture and sunscreen
that's it that's the only thing you can
do if you are suffering from acne you
have to first cut all of the other
products believe me I tried all of them
I tried all the peelings all the the
scrubs all the acids all the micro
needling all the face masks
name it I have probably tried it and it
made it simply worse because you have to
first cut everything down and minimize
it to very simple skin care routine
simple with simple I mean use something
natural for example a really gentle
cleanser from a natural cosmetic brand I
use santa ver Santa ver saved my life
it's aloe vera gel based skin care Oliva
didn't work for me all the expensive
skincare Brands didn't work for me
nothing worked but this brand I started
to use a gentle cleanser from Santa
Verde I started to use a gentle Tona
alcohol free from Santa Verde and I
started to use Simple basic aloe vera
chill no brand you can find it in any
pharmacy in any shop Simple Pure aloe
vera gel and sunscreen of course that's
it I tell you start doing that start
simple and I promise you if you use
something gentle and natural Your Skin
Barrier will FK you I promise you your
acne will be gone you just need patience
after you start with your cleansing
routine the simple minimal routine then
when your skin is a bit more calm you
can start to introduce tretinoin
tretinoin you can get it in any pharmacy
and you have to use the lowest
percentage they have it's
0.025 or even less and you start to use
it once a week then you start to use it
twice a week you keep your skin in check
and you see how it's progressing Tru in
with the simple routine I named you this
will help you I promise your next step
is check your vitamins you need to
support your skin from within and
supplements like zinc magnesium set ma
different oils like Prim rose oil or
Omega 369 can help
enorm I tell you those supplements were
a game changer for me especially Prim
Rose evening oil for hormonal acne that
I had a lot here and here game changer
at the end of the day your skin is your
mirror your skin is mirroring exactly
what you put inside and how you treat
your body so if you want the glow if you
want the healthy skin do the work honey
as we're talking already about
supplements I want to mention food baby
girl you need to eat like you love
yourself not like you hate yourself
because your body is a temple and not a
trash can you think Beyonce before she
is going on a tour when she's prepping
for a tour she is feeding herself her
body with processed food no you think
she's starving herself of course not she
feeds her greatness she feeds herself
like a queen and so will you I know I
understand there are so many different
diets on the internet so many different
recommendations some say eat low carb
some some say eat high carb High fed it
actually doesn't matter it's not about
any diet you have to follow it's about
fueling your body with food that makes
you feel powerful and once you learn to
listen to that voice of your ala ego you
will know exactly what to eat and when
to eat there is no need for a whole meal
plan there is no need for a diet but if
you want to have some general
recommendations eat your veggies eat
healthy fats like salmon other fish
sometimes meat and eat some carbs but
healthy carbs don't go for the bread
gluten makes you bloated maybe you even
have a gluten allergy who knows it's
important to give yourself the nutrients
your body needs to drive and not just to
survive and believe me if you want to
know who michaa is without her Alter Ego
Michaela without her alter ego would
probably sit at home all day feeding
herself with chips Pizza Pasta and all
kind of processed food you can imagine
even though I would feel afterwards
because why it's comfortable who doesn't
want to be comfortable honestly if we
are not strong in our mind if we cannot
make this voice of our Alter Ego louder
than the other voice that is draining us
down then we will always go for instant
gratification like processed food TV
scrolling on Tik Tok and social media
and so on but how does my Alter Ego feel
if I would do this she would cry because
my Alter Ego is craving
healthy food is craving nutrients is
craving a homecooked meal with Organic
ingredients that's what my Alter Ego is
craving and not a quick dopamine hit
from some chunk food and honey I'm not
saying never eat junk food or comfort
food ever again I'm saying balance you
have to stop using food to punish you
and yes you are punishing you with
instant gratification you are punishing
your gut and you're punishing your skin
you're punishing your whole body with
eating chunk all the time so eat the
greens drink the water and then yes by
time enjoy your piece of cake as well
and I can tell you honey starving isn't
it either I had a severe eating disorder
I was anorexic bulimic ended up with 30k
cheese I was not happy I did not radiate
Queen energy they're quite opposite I
was looking like someone who was stuck
out of a grave my hair was falling out
my hormones were probably not really
existence as my period was not there
anymore I had zero joy in life I had
zero energy because a queen is not
starving herself a queen is giving her
the right food to nourish the body and
not to starve the body at the end of the
day your gut is your second bre brain if
you feed it with trash you will feel
like trash feed it nourishment and you
will see the glow step three my favorite
is sleep sleep is
non-negotiable especially for woman
let's say it louder if you have not
heard it sleep is not optional you are
scrolling through Tik Tok until 3:00
a.m. every morning and then you are
wondering why you're having breakouts
why you look like a zombie honestly did
you know that women need a minimum of 8
to 9 hours sleep every single night and
not because we are weak but our hormones
need that to recharge our hormones are
not only to regulate our mood honey girl
our hormones are our motor our engine we
are living of it so if you are not
sleeping enough your body simply Rebels
no collagen production no glow so I'm
giving you a prescription for the next
30 days I want you to get supplements
get setm a or magnesium gluconate and
take it just before sleep then I want
you to turn off or put away your phone 1
hour before you go to bed and if it's
possible go to bed by 10:00 p.m. so at
9:00 p.m. you are moving moving your
phone away from you you are not looking
into any screen anymore why because blue
light kills melatonin and melatonin is
responsible to repair your skin
overnight if you kill already your
melatonin before sleep then goodbye
healthy skin put that phone away do a
meditation read a book and if your mind
is not quiet and you cannot sleep then
put on some guided meditation on the
side of your bed there are many many
guided medit ation for sleep that you
can listen on YouTube and they are so
good even if your mind is full even if
your mind is chattering I promise you
you will fall asleep so for the next 30
days I want you to treat your sleep as
something sacred it's a non-negotiable
if someone asks you to go out you simply
say no no explanation needed you want to
get your sleep in for just 30 days try
it out and you will see the difference
step four is fix your environment you
are your main character in your life and
your environment should reflect it if
you're constantly surrounded by people
who drain you criticize you who do not
respect you who make you feel small your
body will show it fatigue stress acne
uncontrolled weight gain it's crucial
that you make sure your environment is
uplifting you doesn't matter who that is
if that's your family and your family is
toxic and is simply draining you you
have to cut them off as soon as possible
I'm sorry to say that but do you know
what stress does to your body do you
know how your body will react when you
keep over long time an environment
around you that is so toxic your body
will Rebel and if it's showing right now
with fatigueness if it's showing with
breakouts if it's showing with any of
those symptoms be grateful because your
body is going to show you with severe
sicknesses if you do not get out of it
doesn't matter who it is cut them off
block them unfollow them whatever is
necessary just make sure they are not
part of your daily day anymore instead
replace them with something that
inspires you listen to podcasts read
books find a community that is uplifting
you and not draining you your wipe
attracts your drive once you start to
level up your energy others will either
follow you and also level up their
energy or fall apart they will anyways
leave because they cannot keep up with
you or they will drain you back down so
make sure you keep leveling up and
anyone who cannot join or who doesn't
want to join and is trying to drain you
have to cut them off honey the fifth
point I want you to EMB embrace your
Alter Ego you do not have to wait until
you are healthy until you are healed
until everything is in check until you
can take all your boxes okay done done
done done done no honey your Alter Ego
is already there you just need to listen
to it and if you cannot hear it you
create one create it write down who is
this person who is your ala ego mine for
example my ala ego is Mika MAA has
glowing skin MAA has an unshakable
self-belief MAA has boundaries mik eats
healthy mik has great self-confidence
and mik is super charismatic so what do
I do when I feel small what do I do when
I feel like I can't do something what do
I do when I feel like I want to get into
my old habits I just want to do nothing
I want to be a victim I would ask first
my Alter Ego maik MAA what would you do
what would you do right now she doesn't
overe explain she doesn't people please
she eats with intention she doesn't
scroll mindlessly she prioritizes her
sleep and she walks into every room as
she owns this room so I want you to
build your Alter Ego give her a name
dress her speak like her at the end of
the day today your Alter Ego is not fake
your Alter Ego is you it's just an
upgraded version of you your Alter Ego
is actually your best version of
yourself that you are supposed to be
this version that you are right now is
not who you are supposed to be you just
forgot who your ala ego is she is the
truth you are about to step in and if
you're adting yourself fake it until you
make it until your nervous system
believes that this is you and then
simply watch the whole world around you
bend to your standards I promise that to
you to end this video I want to say
self-care is nothing without selft talk
if you keep talking to yourself like
trash if you're in a monologue keeps
criticizing yourself
24/7 you are sabotaging everything we
just been talking about the past few
minutes you can put all the creams you
can put all the serums you can remove
all the people if you keep talking to
yourself like you are your worst enemy
nothing will change you need to change
your inner monologue why would you even
talk to yourself in a bad way why would
you tell yourself you're ugly why would
you tell yourself you're lazy why would
you tell yourself oh you are ugly
because you have this and you have
breakouts why would you criticize
yourself so much let other people do
that and think they talk BS I know my
worth I know I'm good I know I'm
beautiful I know I'm mesmerizing and
that's it so as stupid as it sounds
rewrite your story sit down re write
yourself and your best version of
yourself your ala ego write down
everything you want to be how you want
to be and tell yourself every day in the
morning I am beautiful I am the pr
I am mesmerizing so for the next 30 days
I want you to commit to you I want you
to check your skin care I want you to
check your sleep to have a healthy
sleeping schedule I want you to cut off
all those toxic people minimum cut them
off for a period of time and see the
difference maybe you're not sure are
these people really toxic try it out
after 30 days you will notice if you
feel better without them or if you want
to have them back in your life if you
tell me now I don't have time for
honestly you make time for what you
value the question is do you value
yourself enough to try and everything of
this is not about being perfect it's
about being one one single per better
than you were yesterday every single day
of your life your skin your body your
peace these they are not some vanity
projects they are your Birthright they
are your safe place they are the only
place you got your whole lifelong so
take care of it stop waiting for
permission stop apologizing for existing
block all the losers around you start
feed your soul now go drink your water
digest what I had said and remember you
are not the side character you are a
star and you should own it thank you so
much for watching guys I love you and I
see you in my next video bye